Create script to automate lm-sim setup (#21)
omnivector-solutions/license-manager-simulator: README.md

Instructions for this can be found at the [License Manager documentation](https://omnivector-solutions.github.io/license-manager/).

For each license server supported, there's a script that requests license information to the simulator API and a template
where the data will be rendered. These files need to be copied to the `license-manager-agent` machine.

> You also need to add licenses to the simulator API and to the Slurm cluster, and copy an application file to the `slurmd` node to run a job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to add licenses to the simulator API and to the Slurm cluster, and then copy an application file to the `slurmd` node to run a job.
```

Author: Thanks, addressed in latest commit.

To prepare your local `license-manager-agent` to use the simulator, run the simulator API, get its IP address and
pass it to the `make setup` command:

```bash
$ make setup lm_sim_ip=http://127.0.0.1:8000
```

After executing this command, you'll be able to submit jobs that use the simulated licenses.
## Usage
You can add/remove licenses from the license server API using the online interface at `http://localhost:8000/docs`. This helps you to make requests directly with the browser into the API, with examples.

There is an `application.sh` script that is intended to run in Slurm as a job that uses the licenses from the API. It is just a dummy

> application for test that creates a license_in_use in the API, sleeps, then deletes the license_in_use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application for testing purposes that creates a license_in_use in the API, sleeps, then deletes the license_in_use.
```
